Added Release Notes v5.8 (#124)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

- Hazelcast CR name validation was added to conform to DNS-1035 label (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/734[#734])
- Support for Hazelcast mTLS client-server communication has been added. Users now have the ability to enforce Hazelcast mutual authentication in TLS using the `tls.mutualAuthentication` property. (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/722[#722])
- Added new field validations for Management Center and Hazelcast CRs (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/709[#709])
- The separate secret for mTLS has been removed, enabling the utilization of a single secret to store all the required files for the operator and members (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/696[#696])
- Improved validation logic for multiple errors in the Webhooks and Reconciler (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/683[#683])

== Fixed Issues
- Jet Job submission and UCD from client/CLC is now possible (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/794[#794])

> - Fix error in Map reconciler when nearCache is configured (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/786[#786])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an error in the Map reconciler when nearCache is configured (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/786[#786])
```

> - Added `spec.jet.bucketConfig.secretName` validation(https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/778[#778])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `spec.jet.bucketConfig.secretName` validation (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/778[#778])
```

- Fixed a bug in Map config persistence caused by MapStore (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/776[#776])

> - Validating secretName of bucket config in `Hazelcast.Jet` and `JetJob` CRs added (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/772[#772])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to validate `secretName` of bucket configuration in the `Hazelcast.Jet` and `JetJob` CRs  (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/772[#772])
```

- Added validation for `NativeMemory.AllocatorType` when `Persistence` is enabled (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/767[#767])
- NativeMemory can now only be used with Hazelcast Enterprise, providing enhanced security and performance (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/759[#759])
- TLS can now be used exclusively with Hazelcast Enterprise version (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/756[#756])
- Enforced validation to require a non-empty secretName for TLS configuration (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/755[#755])
- Fixed a bug that caused Java exceptions when creating a Cache CR with improper `backupCount/asyncBackupCount` values (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/754[#754])
- Added `backupCount/asyncBackupCount` validation in Queue creation to prevent Java exceptions (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/753[#753])

> - backupCount/asyncBackupCount validation in MultiMap creation was added (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/752[#752])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added backupCount/asyncBackupCount validation during MultiMap creation (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/752[#752])
```

> - Validation for the sum of backupCount and asyncBackupCount was added for Map CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/749[#749])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added validation for the sum of backupCount and asyncBackupCount for the Map CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/749[#749])
```

> - TLS handshake error after redeploying cluster with the same name is fixed (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/738[#738])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the TLS handshake error occurring after redeploying cluster with the same name (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/738[#738])
```

> - Converted the Jet config fields with no default value to pointer (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/731[#731])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Converted the Jet configuration fields with no default value to pointer (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/731[#731])
```

> - Removed TLS enterprise validation in Webhook (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/710[#710])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the TLS enterprise validation in Webhook (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/710[#710])
```

> - Enhanced JetJob CR state validation to exclusively perform validation when there is a state change in the JetJob CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/793[#793])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced the JetJob CR state validation to exclusively perform validation when there is a state change in the JetJob CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/793[#793])
```

> - Secret validation of bucket config in JetJob CR was added (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/787[#787])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added secret validation of bucket configuration in the JetJob CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/787[#787])
```

> - When the Hazelcast CR is deleted, its dependent JetJob CRs will be deleted as well (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/771[#771])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the Hazelcast CR is deleted, its dependent JetJob CRs are now deleted as well (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/771[#771])
```
